certain resources that you'd want to look at as you're moving into a leadership
position you know there's there's books all those things out
there that people have written hundreds of books on leadership you
know if the if that's the kind of thing that you're into and you like
reading those type of books go on to your nearest book website find
out the top ten and start reading those I also recommend that you
understand what your leaderships overarching guidance and principles
are so that you can be in step with what they're trying to do and
so that goes from not only you know you're CEOs intent and guidance
but his bosses boss and his bosses bosses boss all the way up to the
highest levels and so you have you have to read those kind of documents
and understand that structure and that's going to help you out
and becoming a leader in making sure that it at the very least you're
pointed in the right direction that your command the navy needs for
you to be as your leading your subordinates